Statement -
	Mad scientist Adarsh has just finished constructing a new machine to search for hypothetical intelligent extraterrestrial life! 
	He was in such a rush to launch it for the first time that he plugged in the power wires without giving it a proper glance and started experimenting right away. 
	After a while Adarsh observed that the wires ended up entangled and now have to be untangled again.

	The machine is powered by two wires "plus" and "minus". The wires run along the floor from the mains-supply (on the left) to the machine (on the right).
	Both the mains-supply and the machine have two contacts in them on the same level, into which the wires are plugged in some order.
	The wires are considered entangled if there are one or more places where one wire runs above the other one

	Example(top-view):
		https://tinyurl.com/ExampleWires

	Adarsh knows the sequence in which the wires run above each other. Adarsh also noticed that on the left side, the "plus" wire is always plugged into the top contact (as seen on the picture). 
	He would like to untangle the wires without unplugging them and without moving the machine. 
	Determine if it is possible to do that. A wire can be freely moved and stretched on the floor, but cannot be cut.

INPUT -
	The single line of the input contains a sequence of characters "+" and "-" of length n (1 ≤ n ≤ 100000). 
	The i-th (1 ≤ i ≤ n) position of the sequence contains the character "+", if on the i-th step from the wall the "plus" wire runs above the "minus" wire, and the character "-" otherwise.

OUTPUT -
	Print either "Yes" (without the quotes) if the wires can be untangled or "No" (without the quotes) if the wires cannot be untangled.

Sample - 
	-++-
	Yes

	+-
	No

Notes -
	The first testcase corresponds to the picture in the statement. To untangle the wires, one can first move the "plus" wire lower, thus eliminating the two crosses in the middle, and then draw it under the "minus" wire, eliminatingng also the remaining two crosses.

	In the second testcase the "plus" wire makes one full revolution around the "minus" wire. Thus the wires cannot be untangled: 
		https://tinyurl.com/NoteWires

Scoring - 
	300